Update data ingestion overview about batch (#55)
risingwavelabs/risingwave-docs: delivery/overview.mdx

<Note>
File sink currently supports only append-only mode, so please change the query to `append-only` and specify this explicitly after the `FORMAT ... ENCODE ...` statement.
</Note>

## Batching strategy for file sink

RisingWave implements batching strategies for file sinks to optimize file management by preventing the generation of numerous small files. The batching strategy is available for Parquet, JSON, and CSV encode. 

### Category

There are two primary batching strategies:

- **Batching based on row numbers**:

>     For batching based on row count, RisingWave checks whether the maximum row count threshold has been reached after each chunk is written (`sink_writer.write_batch()`). If the threshold is met, the writing of the file is completed.

Reviewer: Better to hidden function detail.
```suggestion
    For batching based on row count, RisingWave checks whether the maximum row count threshold has been reached after each write operation. If the threshold is met, the writing of the file is completed.
```

- **Batching based on rollover interval**:

>     For batching based on the time interval, RisingWave checks the threshold each time a chunk is about to be written (`sink_writer.write_batch()`) and when a barrier is encountered (`sink_writer.barrier()`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For batching based on the time interval, RisingWave checks the threshold each time a chunk is about to be written and when a barrier is encountered).
```

<Note>The condition for batching is relatively coarse-grained. The actual number of rows or exact timing of file completion may vary from the specified thresholds, as this function is intentionally flexible to prioritize efficient file management.</Note>

> If no conditions for batch collection are set, RisingWave will apply a default batching strategy to ensure proper file writing and data consistency.

Reviewer: Better to indicate what the default policy is(IIRC 10s, pls check the origin pr).
